# JAAM

This was a program created by Joshua Dudley, Al Bondad, and Michael Hu.

This was done at the Stevenson Highschool Hackathon over a period of 24 hours from March 2-3, 2019.

The topic of the Hackathon was Data Privacy

Our intended product was to create a virtual credit card to protect people's online card information, recognizing that "fishing" or creating false websits to gain access to people's cards are becoming more common.

This product was a web extension you could install in your browser, and that extension initially has a login form (where you can see the clear and innovate design created by Al Bondad) where it should've authenticated with User, Pass. When you were signed up and at a certain web page, a new credit card number (generated by Michael Hu's algorithms) would be created via the original credit card and the website of the site you are making the purchase from. A certain amount of money would be placed onto the card and the transaction would go through.

That was the dream. We later figured out that we could create valid card numbers that would work on some companies (such amzazon). However we later learned that this wouldn't be viable because we could never associate money with the card, so the products we tried buying from amaon would cancel shippment due to no money going through. 

However, despite never finishing the product, all of us learned a great deal about web extensions, databases, bootstrap, credit card algorithms, banking, money transactions and many other valuable information.
